Update docs/ArchitectureLearningJourney.md - Writing data (#557)
android/nowinandroid: docs/ArchitectureLearningJourney.md

To write data, the repository provides suspend functions. It is up to the caller to ensure that their execution is suitably scoped.

> _Example: Follow a set of topics_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Example: Follow a topic_
```

> Simply call `UserDataRepository.setFollowedTopicIds` with the set of IDs of the topics the user wishes to follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply call `UserDataRepository.toggleFollowedTopicId` with the ID of the topic the user wishes to follow and `followed=true` to indicate that the topic should be followed (use `false` to unfollow a topic).
```
